Dear Hiring Manager,
I am interested in the software engineer (C++) position at HOPE Technik Company, as advertised on Jobstreet. I am currently employed as software engineer for ASM Technology Singapore. I believe that the skills and experiences I have gained at this position make me an ideal candidate for the job of software engineer.
As software engineer, I have developed strong analytical and problem solving skills. For example, one of my main duties is to develop and maintain automation equipment software. Whenever there is issue happened on machine, I always need to debug the root cause and provide best solution. This duty requires strong programming abilities in C++, and an ability to design solution for user convenient. I have also gained some experience in SQL database, website development and TCP/IP in company project – Industry 4.0 Transformation, which brings company machine goes online by sending machine real time data to website through socket programming.
I have also gained extensive experience in different type of software development (Python, JavaScript, PHP, HTML, and CSS) during my personal interest. I had develop different software and customize for my friend usage to help them to solve their daily difficulty: Create EPOS system with MFC application, develop website and sync with lazada API to track product order, store all the product details inside SQL database. All these development manage under GitHub tool. For your information, my final year project during my degree is to implement an IOT automation home security system using microprocessor with Linux operation system and 3G modem as a communication protocol. I am always eager to learn more about software development, reading up on these topics on my own time to become more knowledgeable. I would love to bring this passion for software development to your company.
I am confident that my experience qualify me for consideration. If you would like, I can provide you with more information about my experience. I have also attached my resume. I look forward to meeting with you and discussing my qualifications in more detail.
Best Regards,
Lay Zufei
